hey guys Blake here with gadgets in gear
hey I wanted to take a second today to
just run you through my speaker setup
I've had this this two-point-one system
for a while now and it just occurred to
me that I've never done a review of it
so I wanted to walk you through real
quick and give you my thoughts so just
to get started here this is a Logitech Z
623 system you can see that this has a a
main speaker here that we're looking at
which also includes your primary audio
controls so you got your power button on
and off right there you got your main
volume knob I'll leave this about middle
there which is almost static free I'll
bring it up close and see if you can
hear any static yeah so it's pretty
quiet and noise free at that distance
and that's with the you know volume
turned up halfway already and the
computer turned on and running so fairly
noise free at that level which is really
nice you can see it also comes with a
subwoofer so this is a 2.1 so it's got a
main speaker another speaker on the
other side of my computer tower there
this is my little couch computing setup
here on the couch TV computer stereo my
camera is hanging out at there my 5d so
this is just a nice simple powerful
system if you want to have decent bass
response and a good stereo experience
see the subwoofer is ported over here
it's a 400 watts total power 200 watts
RMS system which means it has about 200
watts of power to give you at any given
point in time at a peak power output
it'll do 400 but realistically if you
were to average it out it's going to
give you about 200 watts at a time
here's that that a other speaker the
left-hand speaker you can see that this
guy is is a little bit more simple up in
front it's just a primary khone's
Iker doesn't have any tweeters or
anything this THX logo up here is is not
a tweeter some folks of thought there's
there's a little speaker guy back there
but there's not it's just it is what it
is so it's just a single cone speaker
element you can see behind there this
just has a single cord out and that cord
goes over to the other side and plugs
into the subwoofer so the subwoofer is
actually the primary control module for
the whole system I'll show you what that
looks like and back well before we go
back there this guy right here you'll
notice we have a headphone in and then
we also have a arm sorry a headphone out
port so you can go ahead and plug in
your headphones if you have this on a
computer desk and you just want to plug
in some headphones and monitor and keep
quiet it also has a spare audio in there
via Mayo do port another nice thing
about this system which is kind of a
must for me is that it's got a separate
control for the subwoofer so if you turn
this bass all the way down the subwoofer
doesn't function at all it's actually
very just tinny and lights which is good
for not waking up roommates but when you
turn out that bass it's actually got
pretty good response for the size of the
unit I mean you can see this all fits in
my little wire rack there so it's not a
very large system at all it doesn't take
up much space and I know guys I know
that subwoofers supposed to be on the
ground but it just doesn't work for my
space requirements okay so looking in
the back here you can see that this
right speaker has a little bit thicker
cord coming out and that's because this
actually goes into like an old cereal
bus style input so this has the controls
for the volume the bass and the main
unit power as well as the audio signal
for that speakers that's why it's a
little chunkier this cable down here is
the output to the left speaker
and you can see it's got a regular just
mini audio in as well as an RCA head now
one of the really interesting things
about this stereo system that I haven't
seen a lot of them is it plays audio
from all of the inputs simultaneously
which is actually really interesting and
I kind of like it so say you have a like
I have my playstation 4 plugged in
through these audio speakers and I have
my computer plugged in here it will play
inputs or it'll play sound from both of
those inputs simultaneously so if I have
music playing on my computer and a game
running on ps4 it will all come through
these speakers seamlessly now it's
something to be aware of because if you
don't want that there is no way to
switch back and forth between the two
okay now to talk about sound quality so
I mentioned that the system is pretty
powerful and it is the downside that I
found is like a lot of modern stereo
systems it's very high on the treble and
it's very high on the bass response but
the mid-range is lacking and that kind
of makes sense when you consider there
aren't really any big woofer elements
that aren't the subwoofer which is going
to have a low cut on it so I actually
had to go into my audio system settings
here this is my real Tech audio drivers
and I'll give you a look there at the
equalization settings that I have and
this makes the response pretty good for
my tastes so you can see I've really had
to boost up the mid-range there kind of
peaking around the 500 and 1000
kilohertz or I'm sorry the one killer
train and that produces a good response
now I'm going to play some sample audio
for you right now unfortunately as you
know this is youtube and I can't play
any good music but I do have a sample
duty-free or copyright free music from
Kevin MacLeod's a you know open source
music on the Internet
so I'll play that now this has got some
good bass response it will give you an
idea of what this sounds like
now I hope you can hear about what
volume that is compared to my voice
pretty powerful especially because as we
showed you before this is only a half
volume unit subwoofers peaking a little
bit there at that point so I feel like
half half output with a speaker speaker
volume your computer turned up to max is
a good level
the the highs still remain pretty crisp
and the lows as you can tell are quite
deep the frequency responses all the way
down to 35 Killa
I'm sorry 35 Hertz and after 20
kilohertz it's a pretty broad range it
doesn't go into those deep deep lows
which is probably pretty reasonable
considering the size of the woofer
element anyway I hope this helps guys if
you have any questions please let me
know otherwise I would recommend buying
this one of the watch outside give you
is that the chords themselves are not
very long and because they're all
proprietary cables you can't replace
them with anything else so make sure
that the distance of the cables is going
to be suitable for your installation
guys until next time this is blake with
gadgets in gear and I'm out